README.md, before:

# Oystercard

Makers Academy week 2 pairing challenge.

Repo that Joe Newman and Alexis Morcrette are working on on Tuesday 29 March.

## Getting started

`git clone https://github.com/josenewmano/oyster-cards.git
`command_to_install_dependencies` (e.g. `bundle`)

## Usage

`command_to_start` (e.g. `rackup` or `rails s`)
Navigate to `http://localhost:4567/`


## Running tests

`test_command` (e.g. `rspec`)

## File manifest

## User stories

### Enforce maximum balance

In order to use public transport
As a customer
I want money on my card

In order to keep using public transport
As a customer
I want to add money to my card

In order to protect my money
As a customer
I don't want to put too much money on my card

In order to pay for my journey
As a customer
I need my fare deducted from my card

In order to get through the barriers
As a customer
I need to touch in and out

In order to pay for my journey
As a customer
I need to have the minimum amount for a single journey

In order to pay for my journey
As a customer
I need to pay for my journey when it's complete

In order to pay for my journey
As a customer
I need to know where I've travelled from

In order to know where I have been
As a customer
I want to see all my previous trips

In order to know how far I have travelled
As a customer
I want to know what zone a station is in

## Functional representation of user stories

See the [wireframe](https://wireframe.cc/u3u8jN).

----------------------------------------------

At the barest minimum, it should contain a description of what the code does, how to install it, how to use it and how to run its tests. In addition, READMEs often include other information such as:

- Configuration instructions
- A file manifest (list of files included)
- Copyright and licensing information
- Contact information for the distributor or programmer
- Known bugs
- Troubleshooting
- Credits and acknowledgments
- A changelog (usually for programmers)
- A news section (usually for users)

Commit message:

Added journey class, need to add fare function

README.md, after:

# Oystercard

Makers Academy week 2 pairing challenge.

Repo that Joe Newman and Alexis Morcrette are working on on Tuesday 29 March.

## Getting started

`git clone https://github.com/josenewmano/oyster-cards.git
`command_to_install_dependencies` (e.g. `bundle`)

## Usage

`command_to_start` (e.g. `rackup` or `rails s`)
Navigate to `http://localhost:4567/`


## Running tests

`test_command` (e.g. `rspec`)

## File manifest

## User stories

### Enforce maximum balance

In order to use public transport
As a customer
I want money on my card

In order to keep using public transport
As a customer
I want to add money to my card

In order to protect my money
As a customer
I don't want to put too much money on my card

In order to pay for my journey
As a customer
I need my fare deducted from my card

In order to get through the barriers
As a customer
I need to touch in and out

In order to pay for my journey
As a customer
I need to have the minimum amount for a single journey

In order to pay for my journey
As a customer
I need to pay for my journey when it's complete

In order to pay for my journey
As a customer
I need to know where I've travelled from

In order to know where I have been
As a customer
I want to see all my previous trips

In order to know how far I have travelled
As a customer
I want to know what zone a station is in

In order to be charged correctly
As a customer
I need a penalty charge deducted if I fail to touch in or out

## Functional representation of user stories

See the [wireframe](https://wireframe.cc/u3u8jN).

----------------------------------------------

At the barest minimum, it should contain a description of what the code does, how to install it, how to use it and how to run its tests. In addition, READMEs often include other information such as:

- Configuration instructions
- A file manifest (list of files included)
- Copyright and licensing information
- Contact information for the distributor or programmer
- Known bugs
- Troubleshooting
- Credits and acknowledgments
- A changelog (usually for programmers)
- A news section (usually for users)
